# OPENCLASSROOMS-COURSES-EXPLORER 
*Explore OpenClassrooms courses*

Source and documentation of this project are on Github : https://github.com/TristanV/OCCoursesExplorer/

# What is this demo showing?

The current web application you are visiting is a demonstration of the OCCoursesExplorer application main features.

The current web application shows an overview of the pedagogic content and paths available in OpenClassrooms.

OpenClassrooms delivers courses and paths. Most of its contents are open to public reading and even to digital transformation, thanks to the "CC BY SA 4.5" licence. 

As a student or future student, you may want to discover and compare studies opportunities with OpenClassrooms. 

**This demo is dedicated to this main task: provide a bird-eye-view over paths, courses and chapters, highlight gold nuts along the way.** 

# Author information
Copyright (c) 2021, Tristan Vanrullen

For any question regarding the OCCoursesExplorer app or this demo, please contact me on Github.

The current piece of work is a personal project.OpenClassrooms is not responsible nor involved in this application.

# Licence
There is a licence for the code and another for the contents generated by the OCCoursesExplorer application, to respect the original content licence.

See LICENCE for more details in the project Github repository.

# Documentation
The OCCoursesExplorer application is a work in progress, but you can read the minidoc.html file located in the doc folder of this repository. 
A pdf of the minidoc is also accessible here : https://github.com/TristanV/OCCoursesExplorer/blob/main/doc/OpenClassrooms%20Courses%20Explorer%20minidoc.pdf

# Disclaimer
Web scraping is delicate activity. it is recommended to be fair with the scraped website:
- respect the original website licences regarding its content : in the present case, original content is licenced "CC BY SA 4.5"
- do not stress the original website when scraping its pages : min 2s between two queries.